User-defined APIs (preview) (#1178)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Advanced_Modules/User Defined APIs/Objects/ApiToken.md

## Properties

These are the properties of the `ApiToken` object. The table also defines whether the property can be used for filtering using the `ApiTokenExposers`.

|Property       |Type       |Filterable |Explanation|
|---------------|-----------|-----------|-----------|
|ID             |ApiTokenId |Yes        |The ID of the `ApiToken`.|
|Name           |string     |Yes        |A name that makes the token recognizable. Must be filled in.|
|Secret         |string     |No         |Secret string that will be linked to the token. See the [Secret](#secret) section below.|
|IsDisabled     |bool       |Yes        |You can set this property to true to revoke the token and disable the access. Setting this back to false will reenable the token.|
|CreatedBy      |string     |Yes        |Name of the user that created the token.|
|CreatedAt      |DateTime   |Yes        |UTC date and time of when the token was created.|
|LastModifiedBy |string     |Yes        |Name of the last user that modified the token.|
|LastModified   |DateTime   |Yes        |UTC date and time of when the token was last modified.|

### Secret

> When a user wants to call an API, it needs to pass a secret string in the header of their request to authenticate. This secret string should be set on a token that is authorized to use that API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user wants to call an API, he/she needs to pass a secret string in the header of their request to authenticate. This secret string should be set on a token that is authorized to use that API.
```
